{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
There\'92s nothing I really wanted to do in life that I wasn\'92t able to get good at. That\'92s my skill. I\'92m not really specifically talented at anything except for the ability to learn. That\'92s what I do. That\'92s what I\'92m here for. Don\'92t be afraid to be wrong because you can\'92t learn anything from a compliment./compliment
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 As we live, our hearts turn colder. Cause pain is what we go through as we become older. We get insulted by others, lose trust for those others. We get back stabbed by friends. It becomes harder for us to give others a hand. We get our heart broken by people we love, even that we give them all we have. Then we lose family over time. What else could rust the heart more over time? Black gold.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 If everything I did failed - which it doesn't, it actually succeeds - just the fact that I'm willing to fail is an inspiration. People are so scared to lose that they don't even try. Like, one thing people can't say is that I'm not trying, and I'm not trying my hardest, and I'm not trying to do the best way I know how.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 It really matters and then like it really doesn\'92t matter. What matters is the people who are sparked by it. And the people who are like offended by it, it doesn\'92t matter. Because it's about motivating the doers. Because I\'92m here to follow my dreams and inspire other people to follow their dreams, too.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 I always felt like I could do anything. That\'92s the main thing people are controlled by! Thoughts- their perception of themselves! They're slowed down by their perception of themselves. If you're taught you can\'92t do anything, you won\'92t do anything. I was taught I could do everything.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 We\'92re not always in the position that we want to be at. We\'92re constantly growing. We\'92re constantly making mistakes. We\'92re constantly trying to express ourselves and actualize our dreams. If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. A lot of people don\'92t appreciate the moment until it\'92s passed. That is the version we work on.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Society has put up so many boundaries, so many limitations on what\'92s right and wrong that it\'92s almost impossible to get a pure thought out. It\'92s like a little kid, a little boy, looking at colors, and no one told him what colors are good, before somebody tells you you shouldn\'92t like pink because that\'92s for girls, or you\'92d instantly become a gay two-year-old. Why would anyone pick blue over pink? Pink is obviously a better color. Everyone\'92s born confident, and everything\'92s taken away from you
\f1\fs24 \
}